Latte and Latte/DIT Interface for VISTA 2.0/3.0

Software (c) 2015 Sam Habiel. All rights reserved.

Software License Agreement

This Software is protected by United States Federal Copyright Law. Sam Habiel,
the original software author, retains the title to and ownership of the
Software, and the VISTA Expertise Network distributes the Software and License
as his agent. You are licensed to use the Software on the following terms and
conditions:

LICENSEE: The Licensee is defined as the individual or company deploying the
Software. LICENSE FEE: The Licensee agrees that the License is granted upon
payment of the License Fee for each Medical Facility which will make use of the
Software. A Medical Facility is defined to include its associated clinics or
satellite facilities.

LICENSE: VISTA Expertise Network hereby grants the Licensee a nonexclusive,
perpetual License authorizing the Licensee to use the Software in production
VISTA instances for the use of Medical Facilities. The Licensee is also
permitted to deploy the Software in all backup, test, and development instances
that are maintained as part of Licensee’s normal business.

RESTRICTIONS: Licensee is not allowed to distribute, rent, sub-license, or
otherwise make available to others the Software or copies thereof, except as
expressly permitted in this License, without prior written consent from the
VISTA Expertise Network. In the case of an authorized transfer, the transferee
must agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.
You may not remove any proprietary notices, labels, or trademarks from the
Software. You may not modify, de-compile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or
translate the Software. Violation of these restrictions terminates, without
notification, this License and the right to use the Software.

LIMITED WARRANTY - The Software is sold “as is” without any warranty as to its
performance, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. The
Licensee assumes the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
software. In no event shall VISTA Expertise Network or anyone else who has been
involved in the creation, development, production, or delivery of this software
be liable for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages, such as, but
not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, benefits, use, or data resulting
from the use of this software, or arising out of any breach of warranty. 
